The suffering, sadness, and as well as misery can deliver despair, despair. It will dispel.
That is the most powerful reminisce. We are in a big emotion such as anger and jealous,
heady thoughts and worrying, stressful. Stressful, deep breaking, all those anxiety and all that.
We break again joy and appreciation and both each other, really in a well subsided.
This is not just telling the story of the pretty story of the other side of the world or the planet
.
I'm talking that with our own experience. This is not it. This is the truth.
This will break healing our emerging scars, our all those psychological troubles, problems we have.
Really it will heal.
It will. It will cleanse. It will. That is known as purification. That is known as purifying,
removal of obstacles, obscuratives.
Those are not. We have to be practical, not look in the other direction. That we've been doing for
the Buddha teachings.
From the beginning of the time, we're looking always at the wrong time, wrong directions and
thinking of the solutions and all these things.
But really the solution comes with our heart, your heart with my heart, with this moderation.
Knowing that way, knowing that way, therefore all the incumbents, all the beautiful things, it's
right with us, with you and with me.
Joy and appreciation. It's not going to have to go somewhere in the search, in this and that. It's
right with us, right with you.
But behind that, sweet on that, what sweet on that? Joy and appreciation. And voting. What kind is
compatible for all living with this?
Any religion, sincerity. No one is certain. I like to be suffering, suffer bad and difficulties.
Same as like me, me, I don't like to be suffered.
I don't like to be upset. I don't like to have pain. It's the same. Whether they can see clearly or
can't see.
The feeling is the same. Feeling is the same. Pain is going through the same. This is that. And
that we can see.
For example, the animal, all those, we kind of superpowers, we kind of youth type advantage. How
much they're scared?
How much they're really in the trouble? That we see. Pain is the same. Pain is the same. Therefore,
when we practice down, we bring more completion, more love, more kindness.
And that is also where we glorify our goodness. Our beautiful, your beautiful, my beautiful. And we
benefit. We clear our path in the directions.
Our disconnect. Our destination. Destination, maybe we don't know exactly where we're going. We don
't see the future clearly there.
Every night, bright now. Now will move continually to the now. Today is now, but this today will
move tomorrow. Tomorrow will be bright. Tomorrow will be bright.
Continually showing that. We're clearing the path as we move. And bright now as we move, then
completely believe. That is known as the now.
So therefore, again, we talk under the moderator, we stand in this moderator and all the, but it's
not just that once in a while or the beginning of the practice.
We can keep this moderator throughout the day and the night. Really, that is being mostly powerful
practices.
The whole practice of the teachings of the, such as the Vedayana teaching or Dzogchi teachings, the
Mahamudra teaching and the Madhima teaching, become so powerful, so rich, so powerful.
It's just glorified. That's what these great beings like the Buddha and the Gurdapayama, all those
great masters. So follow that footsteps in there.
So it goes under, and then again, we move to the end. We purely understand it and devotion, we move
to the teaching.